It is difficult to be happy unless one is good looking, intelligent, rich, and creative.
People will probably think less of me if I make a mistake./ It is terrible to show your weakness to others./ If a person asks for help, it is a sign of weakness./ It is terrible to ask for help./ If I ask a question, it makes me look inferior./ I must always sound intelligent and interesting to others./ I must appear confident and interpersonally competent in all my social interactions.
If I do not do well all the time, people will not respect me./ I cannot be happy unless most people I know admire me./ It is awful if people ignore me.
Taking even a small risk is foolish because the loss is likely to be a disaster
If I do not do as well as other people, it means I am an inferior person./ If you cannot do something well, there is little point in doing it at all./ If I fail partly, it is as bad as being a complete failure./ People should have a reasonable likelihood of success before undertaking anything./ I have to succeed/excel at everything I try./ If I fail at my work, then I am a failure as a person./ It’s terrible to fail./ It is better not to do anything than to try something that might fail.
If someone disagrees with me, it probably indicates that he does not like me./ I am nothing if a person I love doesn’t love me./ My value depends greatly on what others think of me./ If other people know what I am really like they will think less of me./ It is awful to be disapproved of by people important to you./ It is awful when others disapprove of you./ If others dislike you, you cannot be happy./ It is best to give up your own interests in order to please people./ My happiness depends more on other people than it does on me./ I have to accepted by all people at all times./ I must be subservient in order to maintain his or her good will.
If I don’t set the highest standards for myself, I am likely to end up a second rate person./ If I am to be a worthwhile person, I must be truly outstanding in one major respect./ People who have good ideas are more worthy than those who do not.
I should be upset if I make a mistake./ If I make a mistake, it means I am inept.
To be a good, moral, worthwhile person, I must help everyone who needs it./ If you don’t have other people to lean on, you are bound to be sad./ Being isolated from others is bound to lead to unhappiness.
I cannot trust other people because they might be cruel to me./ I have to depend on myself to see that things get done./ Others tend to be too casual, often irresponsible, self-indulgent, or incompetent.
If a person avoids problems, the problem tends to go away.
I should give up if a challenge seems too great.
If I don’t work very hard, I’ll fail.
Anxiety is a sign of emotional weakness and loss of control.
If people see that I’m blushing, perspiring, have shaking hands, etc., they will wonder what is wrong with me.
Anxiety is a sign of emotional weakness and loss of control.
It is important not to show any signs of anxiety around others.
Any signs of tension in a relationship indicate the relationship has gone bad; therefore, I should cut it off.
I am needy and weak./ I am helpless when I’m left on my own./ I am basically alone -- unless I can attach myself to a stronger person.
The worst possible thing would be to be abandoned.
I can’t make decisions on my own.
Authority figures tend to be intrusive, demanding, interfering, and controlling./ Being controlled or dominated by others is intolerable.
It is best not to express my anger directly but to show my displeasure by not conforming.
I know what’s best for me and other people shouldn’t tell me what to do.
If I don’t perform at the highest level, I will fail./ It is important to do a perfect job on everything./ Flaws, defects, or mistakes are intolerable.
It is very important to get recognition, praise, and admiration./ Unless I entertain or impress people, I am nothing.
I don’t have to bother to think things through -- I can go by my “gut” feeling.
